hello YouTube it seemed a katana 299
lime rain has just been released by geo
heart this is a new tool for tuba 9 2010
that is able to jailbreak your devices
iphone 3gs iphone 4 ipod touch 3rd gen
ipod touch 4th gen and an ipad that you
can see on the screen running on 4.0 to
4.1 firmware 4.0 4.0 point 14 10.2 and
4.1 firmware so it covers all those for
firmwares now the best part about a lime
rain that i like is yes it supports
activation so if you are stuck on an
emergency screen after downgrading or
upgrading on your iphones so you just
have to run lime rain from your computer
and you will be hacked evaded into
normal mode now I'm lockers should stay
must stay away from 4.1 firmware as yet
because there's no unlock doing so will
make them lose their unlock now how to
run this program very simple la reine
calm l imer a 1 n.com go to it download
for windows currently is only supports
windows but Mac versions and the Linux
version will be here shortly this will
be iphone 4 demo today so let's do this
connect iphone for your itunes going to
open up just ignore itunes during the
whole process itunes will pop up you
don't have to concentrate just just try
to concentrate them lime rain
jailbreaking tool and do as it tells you
to do follow the instructions right here
on the screen double-click rhyme rain ok
and run make it rain just as black rain
used to do but a little more different
than black right now what I'm going to
press make it rain it's going to send my
device in the recovery mode and then I'm
going to follow exactly the instructions
that it says right here on the screen so
let's do it walk with me make it rain
pressed
now the device is my iphone4 is going to
go in recovery mode you will be seeing
here it says recovery mode gone now
whatever it tells you to do do exactly
as it says on your screen I will tell
you to press whole home and power ignore
itunes in the back don't worry
concentrate on lime rain jailbreaking
tool now it says release the power
button as you saw I just release my
power button but I'm still holding the
home button and i will keep holding the
home button guys till i see the lime
rain logo on my iphone the screen okay
keep on holding till you see the lime
rind logo now okay now I'm done now you
can go ahead and leave the power of the
home button it's going to reboot it's
actually not going to reboot is going to
send your iPhone and to shut off mode so
your iPhone will be shut off completely
you will have to manually turn it on
okay close everything clothes clothes
clothes wait okay it's shut off
completely now turn it on manually I'm
turning it on when I turn it on I will
have a white icon of lime rain since
I've done this before so i will have a
green icon but anyways iphone 4 users
who are still on 4.0 or 4.0 point one or
four point zero point two and they want
to update to 4.1 firmware please follow
the directions giving in the given and
the and the video the link will be in
the description please follow that video
because if you just directly update this
is for unlock ours actually if you just
directly update your iphone for two new
4.1 you will lose your unlock and reason
is the face man is different so if there
is an unblocker and he or she uses the
iphone 4 and they want to upgrade to 4.1
firmware follow the video in the link
and you will be successfully upgraded to
4.1 retaining preserving your base
then and you can easily unlock so as you
can see lime rain is right here okay
just like black rain it asked me to
install cydia press cydia and install it
and that's all i have to do once it's
done i will not be able to see cydia i
will definitely will have to reboot in
some cases I've seen rebooting twice is
required so don't worry after installing
reboot twice and you will have cydia on
your home screen and that's how simple
it is guys thank you very much your
heart for releasing it and as i said i
form for users who are still running
firmware is less than 4.1 and they are
depending on ultra snow so they
definitely should follow the video in
the description will and they will be
successfully upgraded to 4.1 preserving
their basement and then they can
obviously after jailbreaking through
lime rain they can unblock very easily
by installing ultrasnow that's about it
guys for me and i will definitely keep
in touch with the next videos bye for
now